Vehicle Protection Essential Care | Mopar<sub>&reg;</sub>
WELCOME TO MOPAR! YOUR OWNER PROFILE IS NEARLY COMPLETE − PLEASE CHECK YOUR EMAIL TO VERIFY YOUR ACCOUNT
Didn't receive AN email ?
Resend Email
NOW OPEN – DIRECT CONNECTION BROUGHT TO YOU BY DODGE POWER BROKERS
Shop Now
Learn More
EN / US
es / us
en / ca
fr / ca
,
Guest
EN-US
Visit eStore
Find Tires
Schedule  Service
Find a Dealer
es-us
en-ca
fr-ca
Search
Popular Searches
Shop Parts & Accessories
Learn About Uconnect®
View Owner's Manual
Pair Your Smartphone
Purchase EV Charger
Shop Merchandise
Find Tires
Dashboard Lights
Helpful Links
EXPLORE FAQs
CONTACT US
FIND A DEALER
SCHEDULE SERVICE
MyFlexCare SERVICE ESSENTIALS PREPAID OIL PLANS
Save Money with Prepaid Lube Oil Filter Plans
Save time and money when you buy a MyFlexCare SERVICE Essentials prepaid lube, oil and filter plan online! Whether it's a scheduled appointment with your preferred dealer or just a stop-in for Express Lane service, you’ll be ready for service anytime—performed by those who know your vehicle best.
Buy Now
MyFlexCare  SERVICE ESSENTIALS PREPAID OIL PLAN DETAILS
Services are available at anytime during the plan term.
Your engine’s requirements will determine the type of plan offered.
Prepaid oil plans can also be purchased at your preferred dealership who may offer a different variety of terms and services.
Choosing a Prepaid Oil Plan
The best prepaid oil plan for you will depend on your vehicle model and engine as well as your driving style. Generally, the more services you purchase in advance, the more you’ll save. Visit your dealer to learn more or use the Plan Finder below.
Here's How to Find Your Vin
What is a VIN?
A VIN is a Vehicle Identification Number. It is a 17-character alphanumeric identifier or a manufacturer’s serial number. Each
character in the VIN number has a significant meaning. Together, they create a number that provides information about the
vehicle and its unique history.
Where is the VIN located?
The VIN can be found on the VIN plate located on the driver's side of the dashboard just below the windshield (1). The VIN can also be found on the driver-side doorframe label (2), as well as on documents related to the vehicle's registration, title and insurance.
Card Verification Code
The Card Verification Code is the three-digit number on the back of your credit card toward the right of the signature panel.
For American Express®, it is a separate four-digit number on the front of the card to the right or left.
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
Where can I use my prepaid oil plan?
You can obtain service at participating Chrysler, Dodge, Jeep®, Ram and Fiat® dealers. To schedule a service appointment, call your dealer at your convenience or visit a dealer with an Express Lane for drive-up service.
Does my prepaid oil plan expire?
Yes. Your 1 year/2 service plan will expire 1 year from the date of purchase or when both services have been used, whichever comes first.
Can I transfer my prepaid oil plan if I sell my vehicle before using all of the services?
No. Prepaid oil plans are not transferrable to any other vehicle or vehicle owner for any reason.
What services are included with prepaid oil plans?
Each prepaid service includes an oil change using the type and quantity of oil recommended for your vehicle, lube, new oil filter.
What documentation will I receive to confirm my prepaid oil plan purchase?
Once you've completed the online purchase of your prepaid oil plan, you will be provided with a contract number. You will receive a confirmation email shortly thereafter. You can access your plan anytime in the Care section of this website. If it's not available on the website, call us at 1-800-521-9922 and we'll send you a copy.
Each service includes the type and quantity of oil that is specifically recommended for your vehicle by FCA US LLC, as identified by your vehicle identification number (VIN). Dealers reserve the right to apply additional disposal fees.
VIEW FAQ
SHOP FOR YOUR NEXT VEHICLE
NEED HELP
NEED HELP
Roadside Assistance
For First Responders
Chat with Us
FAQs
Site Map
RESOURCES
RESOURCES
Find a Dealer
Mopar® Dealers by State
Recalls
Owner's Apps
Owners Manual
Maintenance Schedule
Warranty Information
Lemon Law, Warranty & Repair Help
Parts & Accessory Brochures
Owners Info Sitemap
FlexCare Vehicle Protection
For Dealers
For Dealers
Mopar® Repair Connection
Mopar® Dealers
Mopar® CAP
DealerCONNECT
Company
Company
Careers
Legal, Safety & Trademarks
Copyright
Terms of Use
Accessibility
Contact
Privacy Center
Privacy Center
Privacy Policy
Data Privacy Framework Policy
Manage Your Privacy Choices
Cookie Settings
SERVICE SCHEDULING MADE EASY
Conveniently book an appointment with your preferred dealer
SIGN IN
CONTINUE AS GUEST
Did you know creating an account allows us to save vehicle information and preferences so future bookings are even simpler?
Register Now
Sign in to access (or create) your account for VIN-specific resources,
personalized content, and more. Otherwise, you may proceed as a guest.
SIGN IN
Skip Sign in
Select a Vehicle
Add a vehicle by selecting Brand, Year, and Model or sign into your account  to add by VIN.
By Brand, Year, and Model
Select Brand
Select Brand
Year
Select Year
Year
Model
Select Model
Model
MakeMake
alfa
ADD VEHICLE
OR
By VIN
Please sign in or register if you're a current owner and wish to add a vehicle by VIN.
SIGN IN
REGISTER
Please wait while we add your vehicle
Vehicle Added Successfully!
Your vehicle has been added in your Garage.
Help us try to verify your ownership by providing the details below
NOTE: Provide your first and last name as they appear on the vehicle registration.
*Indicates required field
We’re sorry
Your our records do not yet reflect you as the owner of this vehicle. If you recently purchased your vehicle, you may want to check back again soon as our records may not yet be updated.
Need additional assistance? Contact Us.
CLOSE
Great news!
Our latest records now identify you as the current owner of this vehicle.This will now be reflected on your online dashboard.
Need additional assistance? Contact Us.
GOT IT!
Notifications
New
All
Dealer
Services
Recalls
Offers
You are permanently removing this notification from your Owner Site Notification Feed. Do you wish to proceed?
Don’t show this again
REMOVE
CANCEL
To set preferences about the types of site notifications you wish to receive, click here.
Set Preferences
Our limited-time tire offer is here!
Buy 3 Tires Get the 4th for $11
Save on trusted tire brands and professional installation from the Mopar® experts who know your vehicle best to keep your ride running at peak performance.Expires April 30th—so browse our tire offerings and contact your dealership today!
Find Tires
Offer Details
View all fca brands
CHRYSLER
Dodge
jeep®
Ram
fiat®
Alfa Romeo
Stellantis Pro One
©2026 FCA US LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Chrysler, Dodge, Jeep, Ram, Mopar and HEMI are registered trademarks of FCA US LLC.
ALFA ROMEO and FIAT are registered trademarks of FCA Group Marketing S.p.A., used with permission.FCA US LLC strives to ensure that its website is accessible to individuals with disabilities. Should you encounter an issue accessing any content on Mopar.com, please  Contact Us or call at 1-800-399-2668, for further assistance or to report a problem. Access to  https://fcagroup.my.site.com/Mopar/s/knowledge?language=en_US is subject to FCA US LLC’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Select a vehicle to explore. Sign in (or create an account) to receive access to even more exciting content
Sign In
Skip Sign In
Your preferred dealer has been successfully updated.
DISMISS
Your preferred dealer has been successfully updated
DISMISS
Thanks for visiting
You are now leaving the Mopar® U.S. site and will be logged out of your account.
Continue
Cancel
modal title
One moment please