Contact Us | Official Mopar® Site
WELCOME TO MOPAR! YOUR OWNER PROFILE IS NEARLY COMPLETE − PLEASE CHECK YOUR EMAIL TO VERIFY YOUR ACCOUNT
Didn't receive AN email ?
Resend Email
NOW OPEN – DIRECT CONNECTION BROUGHT TO YOU BY DODGE POWER BROKERS
Shop Now
Learn More
EN / US
es / us
en / ca
fr / ca
,
Guest
EN-US
Visit eStore
Find Tires
Schedule  Service
Find a Dealer
es-us
en-ca
fr-ca
Search
Popular Searches
Shop Parts & Accessories
Learn About Uconnect®
View Owner's Manual
Pair Your Smartphone
Purchase EV Charger
Shop Merchandise
Find Tires
Dashboard Lights
Helpful Links
EXPLORE FAQs
CONTACT US
FIND A DEALER
SCHEDULE SERVICE
Contact Us
Here When You Need Us
At Mopar, we’re here to help. Check out our most popular questions and answers below to see what others are asking. If you need further assistance, you can reach out to us by chat or by phone—whichever is best for you.
At Mopar, we’re here to help. Check out our most popular questions and answers below to see what others are asking. If you need further assistance, you can reach out to us by chat or by phone—whichever is best for you.
EXPLORE FAQS
CONTACT US
Frequently Asked Questions
How do I pair my phone?
Important! It is easy to restore a broken/lost phone pairing, but you must first delete any existing pairing from both your phone and vehicle before attempting to re-pair.
To pair a phone, watch this video or complete the following steps:
1.	 Complete the following steps on the Uconnect system:
•	Select the 'Phone' icon on the Uconnect touch screen.
•	Select 'Yes.'
2.	Complete the following steps on the phone:
•	Go to your phone's 'Settings' or 'Options' under Wireless Connectivity®  to search for wireless networks.
•	Select 'Uconnect' as the paired device.
•	When prompted on the phone, enter the 4-digit PIN number shown on the Uconnect touchscreen and accept.
3.	Complete the following steps on the Uconnect system:
•	Set your phone as the favorite by selecting 'Yes.'
•	Your phone is now paired and ready for hands-free calling.
Where do I find specific information about my recall?
Everything you need can be found at Mopar.com.  Select “My Vehicle” and then “Recalls”, or visit https://www.mopar.com/en-us/my-vehicle/recalls/search.html, to enter all 17 digits of your vehicle identification number to verify if your vehicle is involved in a recall campaign and get additional details.
How do I order an Owners Manual?
If you’d like to view your Owners Manual online, please visit: https://www.mopar.com/en-us/care/owners-manual.html, click ‘Select Vehicle’, and enter the brand, year, and make of your vehicle.
If you are the original owner of a 2010 or newer model year vehicle and would like to order a printed copy of your Owners Manual, select your vehicle’s brand link and follow the prompts:
Chrysler Printed Owners Manual for Original Owner
Dodge Printed Owners Manual for Original Owner
Jeep® Printed Owners Manual for Original Owner
Printed Owners Manual for Original Owner
FIAT® Printed Owners Manual for Original Owner
Owners manuals, technical service manuals, service bulletins, and other product-specific information are available for purchase back to Model Year 1981. Visit FCA US Tech Authority. 800-890-4038 M-F 8AM-8PM ET
Your local library may also have versions of service manuals and bulletins.
Where can I find warranty information for my vehicle?
Please refer to the Warranty Booklet in the glovebox, or you may view your Warranty Information online by visiting https://www.mopar.com/en-us/care/current-model-year-coverage.html, clicking ‘Select Vehicle’, and entering the brand, year, and make of your vehicle.
VIEW ALL FAQ
Just a Click or Call Away
Need assistance? Our highly-trained Customer Care representatives are here to help.
Chat With Us
Open Today • 09:00AM -  06:00PM
Chat Now
Call us: 1-800-399-2668
Open Today • 09:00AM -  06:00PM
Call us
Other Important Contact Information
Does your inquiry pertain to any of the areas below? We're ready to help.
Roadside Assistance Within U.S.A
Chrysler, Dodge, Jeep®  And Ram
1-800-521-2779
chrysler.rsahelp.com
Alfa Romeo
1-855-299-1368
alfaromeo.rsahelp.com
FIAT®
1-888-242-6342
fiat.rsahelp.com
Wagoneer
1-866-990-1278
wagoneer.rsahelp.com
Recall, FlexCare & More
Recall
1-800-853-1403
Customer Care (Mailing)
Po Box 21-8004 | Auburn Hills, Mi 48321-8004
Flexcare Vehicle Protection
1-800-521-9922
Connected Services
General Inquiries
1-877-855-8400
Uconnect® —General Support
1-877-855-8400
SiriusXM Guardian™ Customer Care
1-844-796-4827
Uconnect®  Access Care
1-855-792-4241
FIAT®  Customer Center
1-888-242-6342
Jeep®  and Ram Connect Customer Care
1-800-777-3600
Looking for Vehicle Service?
Mopar Service Technicians receive hundreds of hours of training, utilize exclusive, state-of-the-art technology and are supported by the same engineers who built your Chrysler, Dodge, Jeep, Ram or FIAT vehicle.
FIND A DEALER
Helpful Resources Just for You
Activate My Connected Services
Learn how to stay connected to your vehicle from nearly anywhere with remote commands, entertainment features, and more.
Learn more
Pair My Smartphone
Get easy access to smartphone pairing instructions specific to your radio and device, along with a summary of your system’s features.
Find Instructions
Explore My Owner's Manual
Get to know the full capabilities of your vehicle and how to keep it running strong with your online vehicle resource center.
Access Owner Publications
Lookup Recalls & Campaigns
Find out if your vehicle has any current safety recalls or other campaigns with our simple VIN lookup feature.
Check for Recalls
SHOP FOR YOUR NEXT VEHICLE
NEED HELP
NEED HELP
Roadside Assistance
For First Responders
Chat with Us
FAQs
Site Map
RESOURCES
RESOURCES
Find a Dealer
Mopar® Dealers by State
Recalls
Owner's Apps
Owners Manual
Maintenance Schedule
Warranty Information
Lemon Law, Warranty & Repair Help
Parts & Accessory Brochures
Owners Info Sitemap
FlexCare Vehicle Protection
For Dealers
For Dealers
Mopar® Repair Connection
Mopar® Dealers
Mopar® CAP
DealerCONNECT
Company
Company
Careers
Legal, Safety & Trademarks
Copyright
Terms of Use
Accessibility
Contact
Privacy Center
Privacy Center
Privacy Policy
Data Privacy Framework Policy
Manage Your Privacy Choices
Cookie Settings
SERVICE SCHEDULING MADE EASY
Conveniently book an appointment with your preferred dealer
SIGN IN
CONTINUE AS GUEST
Did you know creating an account allows us to save vehicle information and preferences so future bookings are even simpler?
Register Now
Sign in to access (or create) your account for VIN-specific resources,
personalized content, and more. Otherwise, you may proceed as a guest.
SIGN IN
Skip Sign in
Select a Vehicle
Add a vehicle by selecting Brand, Year, and Model or sign into your account  to add by VIN.
By Brand, Year, and Model
Select Brand
Select Brand
Year
Select Year
Year
Model
Select Model
Model
MakeMake
alfa
ADD VEHICLE
OR
By VIN
Please sign in or register if you're a current owner and wish to add a vehicle by VIN.
SIGN IN
REGISTER
Please wait while we add your vehicle
Vehicle Added Successfully!
Your vehicle has been added in your Garage.
Help us try to verify your ownership by providing the details below
NOTE: Provide your first and last name as they appear on the vehicle registration.
*Indicates required field
We’re sorry
Your our records do not yet reflect you as the owner of this vehicle. If you recently purchased your vehicle, you may want to check back again soon as our records may not yet be updated.
Need additional assistance? Contact Us.
CLOSE
Great news!
Our latest records now identify you as the current owner of this vehicle.This will now be reflected on your online dashboard.
Need additional assistance? Contact Us.
GOT IT!
Notifications
New
All
Dealer
Services
Recalls
Offers
You are permanently removing this notification from your Owner Site Notification Feed. Do you wish to proceed?
Don’t show this again
REMOVE
CANCEL
To set preferences about the types of site notifications you wish to receive, click here.
Set Preferences
Our limited-time tire offer is here!
Buy 3 Tires Get the 4th for $11
Save on trusted tire brands and professional installation from the Mopar® experts who know your vehicle best to keep your ride running at peak performance.Expires April 30th—so browse our tire offerings and contact your dealership today!
Find Tires
Offer Details
View all fca brands
CHRYSLER
Dodge
jeep®
Ram
fiat®
Alfa Romeo
Stellantis Pro One
©2026 FCA US LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Chrysler, Dodge, Jeep, Ram, Mopar and HEMI are registered trademarks of FCA US LLC.
ALFA ROMEO and FIAT are registered trademarks of FCA Group Marketing S.p.A., used with permission.FCA US LLC strives to ensure that its website is accessible to individuals with disabilities. Should you encounter an issue accessing any content on Mopar.com, please  Contact Us or call at 1-800-399-2668, for further assistance or to report a problem. Access to  https://fcagroup.my.site.com/Mopar/s/knowledge?language=en_US is subject to FCA US LLC’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Select a vehicle to explore. Sign in (or create an account) to receive access to even more exciting content
Sign In
Skip Sign In
Your preferred dealer has been successfully updated.
DISMISS
Your preferred dealer has been successfully updated
DISMISS
Thanks for visiting
You are now leaving the Mopar® U.S. site and will be logged out of your account.
Continue
Cancel
modal title
One moment please