Shop Mopar®  Performance Parts | Official Mopar® Site
WELCOME TO MOPAR! YOUR OWNER PROFILE IS NEARLY COMPLETE − PLEASE CHECK YOUR EMAIL TO VERIFY YOUR ACCOUNT
Didn't receive AN email ?
Resend Email
NOW OPEN – DIRECT CONNECTION BROUGHT TO YOU BY DODGE POWER BROKERS
Shop Now
Learn More
EN / US
es / us
en / ca
fr / ca
,
Guest
EN-US
Visit eStore
Find Tires
Schedule  Service
Find a Dealer
es-us
en-ca
fr-ca
Search
Popular Searches
Shop Parts & Accessories
Learn About Uconnect®
View Owner's Manual
Pair Your Smartphone
Purchase EV Charger
Shop Merchandise
Find Tires
Dashboard Lights
Helpful Links
EXPLORE FAQs
CONTACT US
FIND A DEALER
SCHEDULE SERVICE
Make it Fast with Mopar®
We know you're always looking for more horsepower, more torque and more laps around the track. Always choose authentic Mopar® Performance Parts and experience what makes Mopar® different.
SHOP NOW
Find A Dealer
View Parts Limited Warranties
Parts & Accessories Catalogs
Pause Autoplay
Mopar ’25 Ram 1500 RHO – Pushing the Limits
Featuring exclusive content inside and out—including a custom Mopar® Blue serialized badge, Mopar® Blue bodyside graphics, and more—the Mopar®  ’25 Ram 1500 RHO sets bold new performance limits for off-roading machines. Click below to learn more about the latest limited-production gamechanger from Mopar®.
Learn More
DIRECT CONNECTION
Direct Connection gives you the keys to our entire line of factory-backed performance parts and technical information straight from the factory. Unlock your Dodge muscle car’s full performance potential or build your dream race car from the ground up.
Shop Now
Learn More
Crate HEMI® Engine Kit Parts Explained
Mopar® now offers five Crate HEMI® engines that let you turn any pre-1976 classic into a legend. Take yours to the next level with a Crate HEMI Engine and “plug and play” kit.
Shop Now
Learn More
Jeep® Brand Performance Parts
Hardcore off-roaders require hardcore parts—so that’s what we’ve engineered. Each part has been specifically designed, built and quality-tested to elevate your ride to an entirely new level of performance.
Shop Now
Learn More
Mopar ’25 RAM 1500 RHO
Direct Connection
Mopar® Performance Engines
Jeep® Performance Parts
Pause Autoplay
Mopar ’25 Ram 1500 RHO – Pushing the Limits
Featuring exclusive content inside and out—including a custom Mopar® Blue serialized badge, Mopar® Blue bodyside graphics, and more—the Mopar®  ’25 Ram 1500 RHO sets bold new performance limits for off-roading machines. Click below to learn more about the latest limited-production gamechanger from Mopar®.
Learn More
DIRECT CONNECTION
Direct Connection gives you the keys to our entire line of factory-backed performance parts and technical information straight from the factory. Unlock your Dodge muscle car’s full performance potential or build your dream race car from the ground up.
Shop Now
Learn More
Crate HEMI® Engine Kit Parts Explained
Mopar® now offers five Crate HEMI® engines that let you turn any pre-1976 classic into a legend. Take yours to the next level with a Crate HEMI Engine and “plug and play” kit.
Shop Now
Learn More
Jeep® Brand Performance Parts
Hardcore off-roaders require hardcore parts—so that’s what we’ve engineered. Each part has been specifically designed, built and quality-tested to elevate your ride to an entirely new level of performance.
Shop Now
Learn More
Transcript
Open on a smoky scene with a muscle car that has its engine revving.
Behind the car mostly covered in smoke an elephant is seen walking up, with elephant trumpeting noises and sounds of footsteps stomping.
The scene cuts to a black asphalt background as the Hellephant engine revs then fades into a low engine gurgle, and the super comes on screen “There’s a 1,000 hp Hellephant in the room”.
The engine flies into the scene replacing the first super, as the second super “Bring it into your garage” fades in over top, engine noise still running in background.
Cut to the next super “pre‐order now” on the same asphalt background, followed immediately by another cut to the next super “visit cratehemi.com.
As we hear the engine rev one final time we see the Hellephant logo and hashtags #hellephant and #hemiday transitioning into the Mopar logo with cratehemi.com and hear the engine fade away.
A disclaimer is shown at the bottom of the screen: “Copyright 2019 FCA US LLC. All Rights Reserved. Mopar and HEMI are registered trademarks of FCA US LLC.”
Explore our new estore
It has all the parts and accessories you need to customize and maintain your vehicle.
Shop Now
MORE IN STORE
Parts
Accessories
Shop Mopar® On Amazon
SHOP FOR YOUR NEXT VEHICLE
NEED HELP
NEED HELP
Roadside Assistance
For First Responders
Chat with Us
FAQs
Site Map
RESOURCES
RESOURCES
Find a Dealer
Mopar® Dealers by State
Recalls
Owner's Apps
Owners Manual
Maintenance Schedule
Warranty Information
Lemon Law, Warranty & Repair Help
Parts & Accessory Brochures
Owners Info Sitemap
FlexCare Vehicle Protection
For Dealers
For Dealers
Mopar® Repair Connection
Mopar® Dealers
Mopar® CAP
DealerCONNECT
Company
Company
Careers
Legal, Safety & Trademarks
Copyright
Terms of Use
Accessibility
Contact
Privacy Center
Privacy Center
Privacy Policy
Data Privacy Framework Policy
Manage Your Privacy Choices
Cookie Settings
SERVICE SCHEDULING MADE EASY
Conveniently book an appointment with your preferred dealer
SIGN IN
CONTINUE AS GUEST
Did you know creating an account allows us to save vehicle information and preferences so future bookings are even simpler?
Register Now
Sign in to access (or create) your account for VIN-specific resources,
personalized content, and more. Otherwise, you may proceed as a guest.
SIGN IN
Skip Sign in
Select a Vehicle
Add a vehicle by selecting Brand, Year, and Model or sign into your account  to add by VIN.
By Brand, Year, and Model
Select Brand
Select Brand
Year
Select Year
Year
Model
Select Model
Model
MakeMake
alfa
ADD VEHICLE
OR
By VIN
Please sign in or register if you're a current owner and wish to add a vehicle by VIN.
SIGN IN
REGISTER
Please wait while we add your vehicle
Vehicle Added Successfully!
Your vehicle has been added in your Garage.
Help us try to verify your ownership by providing the details below
NOTE: Provide your first and last name as they appear on the vehicle registration.
*Indicates required field
We’re sorry
Your our records do not yet reflect you as the owner of this vehicle. If you recently purchased your vehicle, you may want to check back again soon as our records may not yet be updated.
Need additional assistance? Contact Us.
CLOSE
Great news!
Our latest records now identify you as the current owner of this vehicle.This will now be reflected on your online dashboard.
Need additional assistance? Contact Us.
GOT IT!
Notifications
New
All
Dealer
Services
Recalls
Offers
You are permanently removing this notification from your Owner Site Notification Feed. Do you wish to proceed?
Don’t show this again
REMOVE
CANCEL
To set preferences about the types of site notifications you wish to receive, click here.
Set Preferences
Our limited-time tire offer is here!
Buy 3 Tires Get the 4th for $11
Save on trusted tire brands and professional installation from the Mopar® experts who know your vehicle best to keep your ride running at peak performance.Expires April 30th—so browse our tire offerings and contact your dealership today!
Find Tires
Offer Details
View all fca brands
CHRYSLER
Dodge
jeep®
Ram
fiat®
Alfa Romeo
Stellantis Pro One
©2026 FCA US LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Chrysler, Dodge, Jeep, Ram, Mopar and HEMI are registered trademarks of FCA US LLC.
ALFA ROMEO and FIAT are registered trademarks of FCA Group Marketing S.p.A., used with permission.FCA US LLC strives to ensure that its website is accessible to individuals with disabilities. Should you encounter an issue accessing any content on Mopar.com, please  Contact Us or call at 1-800-399-2668, for further assistance or to report a problem. Access to  https://fcagroup.my.site.com/Mopar/s/knowledge?language=en_US is subject to FCA US LLC’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Select a vehicle to explore. Sign in (or create an account) to receive access to even more exciting content
Sign In
Skip Sign In
Your preferred dealer has been successfully updated.
DISMISS
Your preferred dealer has been successfully updated
DISMISS
Thanks for visiting
You are now leaving the Mopar® U.S. site and will be logged out of your account.
Continue
Cancel
modal title
One moment please