Mopar Collision Assistance | Official Mopar® Site
WELCOME TO MOPAR! YOUR OWNER PROFILE IS NEARLY COMPLETE − PLEASE CHECK YOUR EMAIL TO VERIFY YOUR ACCOUNT
Didn't receive AN email ?
Resend Email
NOW OPEN – DIRECT CONNECTION BROUGHT TO YOU BY DODGE POWER BROKERS
Shop Now
Learn More
EN / US
es / us
en / ca
fr / ca
,
Guest
EN-US
Visit eStore
Find Tires
Schedule  Service
Find a Dealer
es-us
en-ca
fr-ca
Search
Popular Searches
Shop Parts & Accessories
Learn About Uconnect®
View Owner's Manual
Pair Your Smartphone
Purchase EV Charger
Shop Merchandise
Find Tires
Dashboard Lights
Helpful Links
EXPLORE FAQs
CONTACT US
FIND A DEALER
SCHEDULE SERVICE
Collision Assistance
Why Choose Authentic Mopar® Collision Repair Parts?
That's simple. Our parts have been engineered exclusively for Chrysler, Dodge, Jeep®, Ram and FIAT® Brand vehicles. So your vehicle will not only look great after a repair, but also provide a safe, secure and reliable ride... no matter where the road of life takes you. Learn more about how Mopar® parts offer peace of mind for your drive.
That's simple. Our parts have been engineered exclusively for Chrysler, Dodge, Jeep®, Ram and FIAT® Brand vehicles. So your vehicle will not only look great after a repair, but also provide a safe, secure and reliable ride... no matter where the road of life takes you. Learn more about how Mopar® parts offer peace of mind for your drive.
Learn More
Find A Certified Shop
Find an FCA US LLC Certified Collision Repair Facility
When you need to get your vehicle back to its pre-accident condition, don’t take chances. Count on FCA US LLC Certified Collision Repair Facilities for qualified technicians, authentic OEM parts and the peace of mind you and your family deserve. Search for certified auto body shops near you and use our handy online estimation tool to request a repair estimate today.
Mile Radius
Selected below
Clear
10 Miles
25 Miles
Search
Helping You Stay Prepared
When an unexpected accident occurs, being armed with the right information can help you navigate the process and help get you and your vehicle safely back on the road.
BEFORE AN ACCIDENT
AT THE SCENE
AFTER AN ACCIDENT
Understand Your Insurance Policy
When an accident happens, the last thing you want is to worry about your vehicle. Check whether your insurance policy covers authentic OEM parts.
By ensuring your repairs are made using Mopar® collision parts, you'll have the advantage of quality parts engineered specifically for your vehicle.
Prepare for the Unexpected
It's not always possible to think clearly at the scene of an accident, but always be ready to document an accident with the right tools on hand.
Keep  printed accident documentation forms  in your glovebox.
Take Care of Yourself and Know Who to Contact
Take a moment to make sure you and your passengers are okay. If needed, dial 9-1-1 immediately. Turn on your hazard lights and move to a safe spot if possible.
Call the police to report the accident. Contact Roadside Assistance at 1-800-521-2779 if you require a tow and be sure to note your preferred dealer/body shop.
Document the Necessary Details
Capture the full name and address, license plate number, license/ID and insurance details of the other driver, along with information from any witnesses.
Take photos and use a  printed forms   or other means to fully assess your vehicle and take notes of any damage.
Know Your Rights—Request OEM Parts
You always have the right to request OEM parts to ensure optimum functionality in your vehicle—engineered by the people who know your vehicle best—and to avoid the  risks of counterfeit parts.
Lease terms also require the use of OEM parts, and for added peace of mind, Mopar® offers FlexCare Vehicle Protection Plans.
Choose Mopar® Certified Repair Facilities
Look for an  FCA US LLC Certified Shop   when your vehicle needs repairs. Remember—you always have the right to choose your own repair facility.
With our certified body shops, you’ll benefit from highly-trained technicians with the expertise and tools to get you and your vehicle back on the road safely.
MOPAR® WINDSHIELD MADE WITH CORNING GORILLA GLASS
The next time the windshield in your Jeep® Wrangler or Gladiator needs replacing, seek out a Mopar® windshield made with Corning Gorilla Glass for tough defense against chips, cracks and more.
The next time the windshield in your Jeep® Wrangler or Gladiator needs replacing, seek out a Mopar® windshield made with Corning Gorilla Glass for tough defense against chips, cracks and more.
Find A Dealer
Learn More
The Mopar® Difference
Repairs after a collision affect the safety, security and performance of your vehicle, not just how it looks. By ensuring your repairs are made using Mopar® collision parts over aftermarket ones, you'll have the advantage of quality parts engineered to fit and function specifically in your Chrysler, Dodge, Jeep®, Ram and FIAT® Brand vehicle.
Not All Parts Are Created Equal
View Details
80+ Years in the Making
View Details
Valuable Owner Resources
View Details
Not All Parts Are Created Equal
Mopar® parts are rigorously engineered by the same team behind your Chrysler, Dodge, Jeep®, Ram or FIAT® Brand vehicle to meet our high standards. Our parts are carefully designed to act as a safety system and are rigorously impact tested to ensure optimal performance, unlike many recycled, salvaged, aftermarket or reconditioned parts.
80+ Years in the Making
The Mopar® brand has a long history of power and performance, providing FCA US LLC vehicle owners with precision-engineered parts built specifically for their vehicles and with factory-trained technicians who have the tools, knowledge and experience to expertly service their vehicles.
Valuable Owner Resources
With the Mopar® Owner Site putting important resources right at your fingertips and FCA Certified Collision Repair Facilities ready to service your vehicle, Mopar is committed to being your trusted partner in your ownership journey—during the repair process and beyond.
Pause Autoplay
Durability And Performance
The quality of an aftermarket part cannot compare to an authentic Mopar® part. We performed a 12-week corrosion test on a Mopar® fender and an aftermarket fender. Both fenders were scratched and exposed to extreme conditions designed to simulate 5-years of exposure to snow, humidity, salt and fog. The results undeniably show the durability of the Mopar® part.
Structural Integrity  And Safety
Fascias that won't warp. Headlamps that properly align and output optimum light for driver safety. High-strength sheet metals that are integral to a durable chassis structure. Mirrors that guide you with a crash avoidance system. Mopar® parts are all built with the highest quality materials and tested to meet safety and structural guidelines that are difficult to reproduce in the aftermarket.
The Perfect Fit
Whether it's a fender or a headlamp - when a part fits right, it performs better...it's really that simple. Take Mopar® glass, for example. Because the windows are designed specifically for FCA US LLC products, they have the optimum fit in your vehicle, which can prevent a variety of problems in the long run - from leaks and unwanted wind or road noise, to water damage and corrosion. Non-Mopar® parts that deviate from FCA US LLC specifications can require extensive rework for acceptable appearance, fit and finish.
Authentic Quality
After-market. Like-kind/quality (LKQ). Reconditioned. Or even counterfeit! These are some examples of non-OEM parts. Insist on authentic Mopar® collision parts for quality repairs that will return your vehicle to it's original safe and reliable condition. Only Mopar® parts:
Are installed with a precise, good-as-new fit
Go through rigorous testing to help ensure your safety
Utilize the same materials, paints and coatings as your vehicle
Durability & Performance
Structural Integrity & Safety
The Perfect Fit
Authentic Quality
Pause Autoplay
Durability And Performance
The quality of an aftermarket part cannot compare to an authentic Mopar® part. We performed a 12-week corrosion test on a Mopar® fender and an aftermarket fender. Both fenders were scratched and exposed to extreme conditions designed to simulate 5-years of exposure to snow, humidity, salt and fog. The results undeniably show the durability of the Mopar® part.
Structural Integrity  And Safety
Fascias that won't warp. Headlamps that properly align and output optimum light for driver safety. High-strength sheet metals that are integral to a durable chassis structure. Mirrors that guide you with a crash avoidance system. Mopar® parts are all built with the highest quality materials and tested to meet safety and structural guidelines that are difficult to reproduce in the aftermarket.
The Perfect Fit
Whether it's a fender or a headlamp - when a part fits right, it performs better...it's really that simple. Take Mopar® glass, for example. Because the windows are designed specifically for FCA US LLC products, they have the optimum fit in your vehicle, which can prevent a variety of problems in the long run - from leaks and unwanted wind or road noise, to water damage and corrosion. Non-Mopar® parts that deviate from FCA US LLC specifications can require extensive rework for acceptable appearance, fit and finish.
Authentic Quality
After-market. Like-kind/quality (LKQ). Reconditioned. Or even counterfeit! These are some examples of non-OEM parts. Insist on authentic Mopar® collision parts for quality repairs that will return your vehicle to it's original safe and reliable condition. Only Mopar® parts:
Are installed with a precise, good-as-new fit
Go through rigorous testing to help ensure your safety
Utilize the same materials, paints and coatings as your vehicle
NEED HELP? WE’RE HERE FOR YOU
We have advisors available by chat or phone Monday to Friday from 8 a.m. to 9 p.m. and Saturday from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Eastern Time.
Chat with us
Call us: 1-800-399-2668
Call us: 1-800-399-2668
Get further assistance
SHOP FOR YOUR NEXT VEHICLE
NEED HELP
NEED HELP
Roadside Assistance
For First Responders
Chat with Us
FAQs
Site Map
RESOURCES
RESOURCES
Find a Dealer
Mopar® Dealers by State
Recalls
Owner's Apps
Owners Manual
Maintenance Schedule
Warranty Information
Lemon Law, Warranty & Repair Help
Parts & Accessory Brochures
Owners Info Sitemap
FlexCare Vehicle Protection
For Dealers
For Dealers
Mopar® Repair Connection
Mopar® Dealers
Mopar® CAP
DealerCONNECT
Company
Company
Careers
Legal, Safety & Trademarks
Copyright
Terms of Use
Accessibility
Contact
Privacy Center
Privacy Center
Privacy Policy
Data Privacy Framework Policy
Manage Your Privacy Choices
Cookie Settings
SERVICE SCHEDULING MADE EASY
Conveniently book an appointment with your preferred dealer
SIGN IN
CONTINUE AS GUEST
Did you know creating an account allows us to save vehicle information and preferences so future bookings are even simpler?
Register Now
Sign in to access (or create) your account for VIN-specific resources,
personalized content, and more. Otherwise, you may proceed as a guest.
SIGN IN
Skip Sign in
Select a Vehicle
Add a vehicle by selecting Brand, Year, and Model or sign into your account  to add by VIN.
By Brand, Year, and Model
Select Brand
Select Brand
Year
Select Year
Year
Model
Select Model
Model
MakeMake
alfa
ADD VEHICLE
OR
By VIN
Please sign in or register if you're a current owner and wish to add a vehicle by VIN.
SIGN IN
REGISTER
Please wait while we add your vehicle
Vehicle Added Successfully!
Your vehicle has been added in your Garage.
Help us try to verify your ownership by providing the details below
NOTE: Provide your first and last name as they appear on the vehicle registration.
*Indicates required field
We’re sorry
Your our records do not yet reflect you as the owner of this vehicle. If you recently purchased your vehicle, you may want to check back again soon as our records may not yet be updated.
Need additional assistance? Contact Us.
CLOSE
Great news!
Our latest records now identify you as the current owner of this vehicle.This will now be reflected on your online dashboard.
Need additional assistance? Contact Us.
GOT IT!
Notifications
New
All
Dealer
Services
Recalls
Offers
You are permanently removing this notification from your Owner Site Notification Feed. Do you wish to proceed?
Don’t show this again
REMOVE
CANCEL
To set preferences about the types of site notifications you wish to receive, click here.
Set Preferences
Our limited-time tire offer is here!
Buy 3 Tires Get the 4th for $11
Save on trusted tire brands and professional installation from the Mopar® experts who know your vehicle best to keep your ride running at peak performance.Expires April 30th—so browse our tire offerings and contact your dealership today!
Find Tires
Offer Details
View all fca brands
CHRYSLER
Dodge
jeep®
Ram
fiat®
Alfa Romeo
Stellantis Pro One
©2026 FCA US LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Chrysler, Dodge, Jeep, Ram, Mopar and HEMI are registered trademarks of FCA US LLC.
ALFA ROMEO and FIAT are registered trademarks of FCA Group Marketing S.p.A., used with permission.FCA US LLC strives to ensure that its website is accessible to individuals with disabilities. Should you encounter an issue accessing any content on Mopar.com, please  Contact Us or call at 1-800-399-2668, for further assistance or to report a problem. Access to  https://fcagroup.my.site.com/Mopar/s/knowledge?language=en_US is subject to FCA US LLC’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Select a vehicle to explore. Sign in (or create an account) to receive access to even more exciting content
Sign In
Skip Sign In
Your preferred dealer has been successfully updated.
DISMISS
Your preferred dealer has been successfully updated
DISMISS
Thanks for visiting
You are now leaving the Mopar® U.S. site and will be logged out of your account.
Continue
Cancel
modal title
One moment please