Official Mopar Site | Mopar Express Lane
WELCOME TO MOPAR! YOUR OWNER PROFILE IS NEARLY COMPLETE − PLEASE CHECK YOUR EMAIL TO VERIFY YOUR ACCOUNT
Didn't receive AN email ?
Resend Email
NOW OPEN – DIRECT CONNECTION BROUGHT TO YOU BY DODGE POWER BROKERS
Shop Now
Learn More
EN / US
es / us
en / ca
fr / ca
,
Guest
EN-US
Visit eStore
Find Tires
Schedule  Service
Find a Dealer
es-us
en-ca
fr-ca
Search
Popular Searches
Shop Parts & Accessories
Learn About Uconnect®
View Owner's Manual
Pair Your Smartphone
Purchase EV Charger
Shop Merchandise
Find Tires
Dashboard Lights
Helpful Links
EXPLORE FAQs
CONTACT US
FIND A DEALER
SCHEDULE SERVICE
Get Back on the Road Faster
We know you're busy, which is why our certified technicians at Mopar® Express Lane get you in and out fast. From convenient oil changes to complimentary multi-point check-ups, you can rest assured your ride is in tip-top condition. Locate a dealer now for service for nearly all makes and models - and experience the Express Lane difference!
We know you're busy, which is why our certified technicians at Mopar® Express Lane get you in and out fast. From convenient oil changes to complimentary multi-point check-ups, you can rest assured your ride is in tip-top condition. Locate a dealer now for service for nearly all makes and models - and experience the Express Lane difference!
FIND AN EXPRESS LANE
Find Tires
FIND AN EXPRESS LANE DEALERSHIP NEAR YOU
Get express service for your Chrysler, Jeep®, Dodge, Ram or FIAT brand vehicle.
Filter by Service
brands
Mile Radius
SELECTED:
Clear
BusinessLink®
Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles
Express Lane Oil Change
Shuttle Service
Mopar® Accessories
FlexCare Vehicle Protection
Online Shopping
Rental Vehicles
Open Saturday
Se Habla Espanol
Online Service Scheduling
At-Home Vehicle Pickup and Drop-Off
Dodge Power Broker
Express Check-In
Drop-Off Service
Body Shop and Free Estimates
SELECTED:
Clear
All
Jeep®
Chrysler
FIAT®
Dodge
Ram Trucks
SELECTED:
Clear
10 Miles
25 Miles
50 Miles
100 Miles
Search
EXPERIENCE THE EXPRESS LANE DIFFERENCE
Regardless of whether you drive a Chrysler, Dodge, Jeep®, Ram, FIAT® or another brand vehicle, we offer fast and professional service for nearly all makes and models.
Fast and convenient service
Service for nearly all makes and models
Complimentary multi-point inspection
Tires and other services available
Coupons and Rebates for extra savings
Factory-trained, certified technicians
Backed by the World's Best Brands
Mopar® Express Lane uses parts and products from the most trusted automotive brands.
Mopar® Express Lane uses only genuine Chrysler, Dodge, Jeep®, Ram and FIAT® Brand parts. All parts have been tested to ensure function, fit and finish of original specifications.
With high-quality, competitively priced, O.E.-backed bproauto® parts, we can service nearly any make and model in your garage.
Mopar® Express Lane recommends Pennzoil Motor Oil. We also offer the highest quality Pennzoil synthetic oil, keeping your engine clean and extending the life of your oil change for an even greater value.
TIRE FINDER
Pause Autoplay
Oil change importance
Keep Your Engine Running Clean
Oil is the lifeblood of your vehicle, keeping your engine lubricated and clean. A lot can happen if you neglect its oil - none of it good. Watch and learn how to keep your car healthy with frequent oil changes.
Play Video
Quality that's never compromised
Complimentary Inspection
Although our Express Lane centers are known for their quick and convenient service, they're also known for their superior, quality work. Our commitment to you and your safety is what matters to us most - which is why a complimentary, top-to-bottom inspection comes standard with your Express Lane oil changes.
What's Included
BPROAUTO® PARTS
More Parts for More Brands
bproauto® parts are engineered to fit, work and last on Chrysler, Dodge, Jeep®, Ram and FIAT brand vehicles as well as vehicles outside of our family of brands. That means nearly every vehicle in your household can be serviced using a warranty backed, top-quality parts brand.
SHOP NOW
LEARN MORE
Value you deserve
More Ways to Save
We appreciate your business - and as a thank you, we're always looking for ways to help you save. Get the exceptional service and value you deserve by exploring our featured offers.
Explore Coupons and Rebates
Healthy Car Care
Complimentary Inspection
bproauto® parts
Coupons & Rebates
Pause Autoplay
Oil change importance
Keep Your Engine Running Clean
Oil is the lifeblood of your vehicle, keeping your engine lubricated and clean. A lot can happen if you neglect its oil - none of it good. Watch and learn how to keep your car healthy with frequent oil changes.
Play Video
Quality that's never compromised
Complimentary Inspection
Although our Express Lane centers are known for their quick and convenient service, they're also known for their superior, quality work. Our commitment to you and your safety is what matters to us most - which is why a complimentary, top-to-bottom inspection comes standard with your Express Lane oil changes.
What's Included
BPROAUTO® PARTS
More Parts for More Brands
bproauto® parts are engineered to fit, work and last on Chrysler, Dodge, Jeep®, Ram and FIAT brand vehicles as well as vehicles outside of our family of brands. That means nearly every vehicle in your household can be serviced using a warranty backed, top-quality parts brand.
SHOP NOW
LEARN MORE
Value you deserve
More Ways to Save
We appreciate your business - and as a thank you, we're always looking for ways to help you save. Get the exceptional service and value you deserve by exploring our featured offers.
Explore Coupons and Rebates
Wagoneer Certified Dealer Promises
Customer First Award for Excellence Certified by J.D. Power Dealer.
Use technology (tablet) throughout the sales and service process.
Staff dealer with Certified Wagoneer Ambassadors.
Provide a full tank of gas at vehicle delivery.
Wash/Clean the vehicle inside and out at delivery and when serviced, rest are all customer settings.
Offer a remote showroom, test drives, and delivery for sales and vehicle pickup/delivery for service.
Provide appropriate service loaner.
Provide convenient mobile, online and in-vehicle service scheduling and communication and a proactive service approach including remote Diagnostics & over the air (OTA) updates.
Provide complementary WiFi and phone charging stations and high-quality beverages & snacks.
Wagoneer Client services: Dedicated 24/7 customer support and maintenance including tire rotations / oil changes, trip interruption & first day rental coverage.
SHOP FOR YOUR NEXT VEHICLE
NEED HELP
NEED HELP
Roadside Assistance
For First Responders
Chat with Us
FAQs
Site Map
RESOURCES
RESOURCES
Find a Dealer
Mopar® Dealers by State
Recalls
Owner's Apps
Owners Manual
Maintenance Schedule
Warranty Information
Lemon Law, Warranty & Repair Help
Parts & Accessory Brochures
Owners Info Sitemap
FlexCare Vehicle Protection
For Dealers
For Dealers
Mopar® Repair Connection
Mopar® Dealers
Mopar® CAP
DealerCONNECT
Company
Company
Careers
Legal, Safety & Trademarks
Copyright
Terms of Use
Accessibility
Contact
Privacy Center
Privacy Center
Privacy Policy
Data Privacy Framework Policy
Manage Your Privacy Choices
Cookie Settings
SERVICE SCHEDULING MADE EASY
Conveniently book an appointment with your preferred dealer
SIGN IN
CONTINUE AS GUEST
Did you know creating an account allows us to save vehicle information and preferences so future bookings are even simpler?
Register Now
Sign in to access (or create) your account for VIN-specific resources,
personalized content, and more. Otherwise, you may proceed as a guest.
SIGN IN
Skip Sign in
Select a Vehicle
Add a vehicle by selecting Brand, Year, and Model or sign into your account  to add by VIN.
By Brand, Year, and Model
Select Brand
Select Brand
Year
Select Year
Year
Model
Select Model
Model
MakeMake
alfa
ADD VEHICLE
OR
By VIN
Please sign in or register if you're a current owner and wish to add a vehicle by VIN.
SIGN IN
REGISTER
Please wait while we add your vehicle
Vehicle Added Successfully!
Your vehicle has been added in your Garage.
Help us try to verify your ownership by providing the details below
NOTE: Provide your first and last name as they appear on the vehicle registration.
*Indicates required field
We’re sorry
Your our records do not yet reflect you as the owner of this vehicle. If you recently purchased your vehicle, you may want to check back again soon as our records may not yet be updated.
Need additional assistance? Contact Us.
CLOSE
Great news!
Our latest records now identify you as the current owner of this vehicle.This will now be reflected on your online dashboard.
Need additional assistance? Contact Us.
GOT IT!
Notifications
New
All
Dealer
Services
Recalls
Offers
You are permanently removing this notification from your Owner Site Notification Feed. Do you wish to proceed?
Don’t show this again
REMOVE
CANCEL
To set preferences about the types of site notifications you wish to receive, click here.
Set Preferences
Our limited-time tire offer is here!
Buy 3 Tires Get the 4th for $11
Save on trusted tire brands and professional installation from the Mopar® experts who know your vehicle best to keep your ride running at peak performance.Expires April 30th—so browse our tire offerings and contact your dealership today!
Find Tires
Offer Details
View all fca brands
CHRYSLER
Dodge
jeep®
Ram
fiat®
Alfa Romeo
Stellantis Pro One
©2026 FCA US LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Chrysler, Dodge, Jeep, Ram, Mopar and HEMI are registered trademarks of FCA US LLC.
ALFA ROMEO and FIAT are registered trademarks of FCA Group Marketing S.p.A., used with permission.FCA US LLC strives to ensure that its website is accessible to individuals with disabilities. Should you encounter an issue accessing any content on Mopar.com, please  Contact Us or call at 1-800-399-2668, for further assistance or to report a problem. Access to  https://fcagroup.my.site.com/Mopar/s/knowledge?language=en_US is subject to FCA US LLC’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Select a vehicle to explore. Sign in (or create an account) to receive access to even more exciting content
Sign In
Skip Sign In
Your preferred dealer has been successfully updated.
DISMISS
Your preferred dealer has been successfully updated
DISMISS
Thanks for visiting
You are now leaving the Mopar® U.S. site and will be logged out of your account.
Continue
Cancel
modal title
One moment please